update draft notes with commit changes (#253)
apache/accumulo-website: _posts/release/2020-12-09-accumulo-1.10.1.md

Apache Accumulo 1.10.1 is a bug fix release of the 1.10 LTM release line.

This release contains contributions from more than 6 contributors from the

> Apace Accumulo community in over 19 commits. These release notes are highlights of those changes. The full

Reviewer: I think we started adding these numbers around 2.0.0 when the numbers were large and the degree of collaborative effort was impressive. When the numbers are low, I don't think it's necessary to include these. We can probably find some other way of wording it. That said, I don't care that much.

Author: I dropped the numbers - and accepted all of the other suggestions.

own, in order to get the best response.

## Major Bug Fixes

> * Remove redundant audit message and order of authentication checks.

Reviewer 2: I am not seeing this in 1.10 branch.  Did you take this from the main commit for:
`Fix unneeded audit message about denial (#1827)`

Author: I used the language from the PR #1831.  This text is just a place-holder until the changes are complete and the release is ready.

Reviewer 2: OK I wasn't sure if that is going into 1.10 or not.  I asked on https://github.com/apache/accumulo/pull/1831

Reviewer: 1831 is unrelated. The issue you want to mention is 1828/1830.

## Major Bug Fixes

* Update exceptions when permission checks fail (PR [#1830] - backport of [#1828]).

### Other Bug Fixes

* Improve log message in Delete Cleanup FATE.

## Other Miscellaneous Bug Fixes

> * Testing and build improvements.
> * Support building native libraries on alpine-based distros.
> * Enforce build requirements for java to be at least java 11 and strictly less than java 15.
> * Update tool.sh script used for MR examples to support hadoop 2.0 and 3.0 and ZooKeeper 3.4, 3.5
> * Update release candidate script

Reviewer: Some of these are internal development stuff, and not worth highlighting. Removing the ones that don't need to be there, especially those that are very vague, can bring more attention to the ones that users should pay attention to:

```suggestion
* Support building native libraries on alpine-based distros.
* Enforce build requirements for java to be at least java 11 and strictly less than java 15 (JDK 15 breaks, because it drops support for the CMS garbage collector that 1.10 still supports/assumes by default, especially in minicluster).
* Update tool.sh script used for MR examples to support hadoop 2.0 and 3.0 and ZooKeeper 3.4, 3.5
```

  
## Useful Links

* [Release VOTE email thread][vote-emails]
* [All Changes since 1.10.0][all-changes]
* [GitHub] - List of issues tracked on GitHub corresponding to this release

[#1828]: https://github.com/apache/accumulo/pull/1828
[#1830]: https://github.com/apache/accumulo/pull/1830
[GitHub]: https://github.com/apache/accumulo/issues?q=project%3Aapache%2Faccumulo%2F8
[LTM]: {{ site.baseurl }}/contributor/versioning#LTM
[all-changes]: https://github.com/apache/accumulo/compare/rel/1.10.0...apache:rel/1.10.1
[contact]: {{ site.baseurl }}/contact-us
[issues]: https://github.com/apache/accumulo/issues
[semver]: https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html

> [vote-emails]: https://lists.apache.org/thread.html/[XXX]dev.accumulo.apache.org%3E

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[vote-emails]: https://lists.apache.org/thread.html/r90ac3cc0d2356c86a94abf2b6859965e9659b8bcdb6cfd18b69941ac%40%3Cdev.accumulo.apache.org%3E
